tale of chess history
there was once in a village in india
a king whose boredom disease
I had worried the doctors of the
cut
all his subjects sought the mode of
distract him
but nobody managed to get his attention
One day a man showed up with a
weird game called chess
explaining to the king the egg sails
the monarch that you have loved that you
he asked the inventor for the reward
desired he asked for a grain of wheat on
the first box of the board 2 on
the second box 4 on the third 8
about the fourth and so on
until covering all 64 squares
r considering that the request was
modest order would not meet with the
possible brevity ' the amount of grains
of wheat requested
after a short time the skies of
kingdom were left empty and the king was given
mind that he could not fulfill his
promise
the total amount of wheat grains that
the king was to collect was 18
trillions 446 thousand 744 million 73 thousand
709 million 551 thousand 615 grains of wheat
amount that is extremely impossible
gather
and colorado colorado the game of chess
it has been invented